OAuth 2.0 token exchange docs (#5181)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/auth.md

* **Refresh Token**: [OAuth token](https://auth0.com/blog/refresh-tokens-what-are-they-and-when-to-use-them/) of a user's personal account set as a parameter for the client (SDK or CLI), which the client periodically sends to the IAM API in the background to rotate a token (obtain a new one) to pass in requests.
* **Service Account Key**: Service account attributes and a signature key set as parameters for the client (SDK or CLI), which the client periodically sends to the IAM API in the background to rotate a token (obtain a new one) to pass in requests.
* **Metadata**: Client (SDK or CLI) periodically accesses a local service to rotate a token (obtain a new one) to pass in requests.

> * **OAuth 2.0 token exchange** - Client (SDK or CLI) exchanges token of another type into access token using OAuth 2.0 token exchange protocol, then uses it to pass in requests. [Detailed information about OAuth 2.0 token exchange protocol](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8693)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **OAuth 2.0 token exchange** - The client (SDK or CLI) exchanges a token of another type for an access token using the [OAuth 2.0 token exchange protocol](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8693), then it uses the access token in {{ ydb-short-name }} API requests.
```
